The Project Gutenberg eBook of 30 Tempting Spaghetti Meals, by
Campbell Soup Company

This eBook is for the use of anyone anywhere in the United States and
most other parts of the world at no cost and with almost no restrictions
whatsoever. You may copy it, give it away or re-use it under the terms
of the Project Gutenberg License included with this eBook or online at
www.gutenberg.org. If you are not located in the United States, you
will have to check the laws of the country where you are located before
using this eBook.

Title: 30 Tempting Spaghetti Meals

Author: Campbell Soup Company

Release Date: June 7, 2021 [eBook #65562]

Language: English

Produced by: Stephen Hutcheson, Lisa Corcoran and the Online Distributed
             Proofreading Team at https://www.pgdp.net

*** START OF THE PROJECT GUTENBERG EBOOK 30 TEMPTING SPAGHETTI
MEALS ***





                              _30 TEMPTING
                            Spaghetti meals
                      EASY, ECONOMICAL, DELICIOUS_




 How spaghetti can help you serve more delicious, more nourishing meals
                             FOR LESS MONEY


    [Illustration: uncaptioned]

It takes real planning to feed a family both economically and well. But
you’ll find Franco-American Spaghetti a big help in solving your
problem. Few foods provide so much real nourishment and deliciousness—at
such low cost. Serve it by itself as a main dish or in combination with
other foods.

Franco-American Spaghetti furnishes plenty of protein for building
muscles. It is especially rich in carbohydrates needed for energy. It
combines with other foods to make a variety of satisfying, delicious
meals. Add a salad or simple fruit dessert and you have a well-balanced
menu—easy to digest, easy on the budget.

Spaghetti combines wonderfully with other foods. Combine it with
left-over meat into appetizing casseroles. Use it to dress up cheaper
cuts of meat. Serve it on a platter with lamb stew or meat balls. Your
family will look forward to Friday dinners if you make a tasty casserole
of spaghetti and salmon or other inexpensive fish. They’ll enjoy green
peppers stuffed with savory spaghetti, too.

Attractive menu suggestions are given with each recipe in this leaflet.
They give you meals which are inexpensive and easy to prepare. Look them
over now and surprise your family with one tonight.




                             WHY YOU SHOULD
                              _Insist on_
                            Franco-American


    [Illustration: uncaptioned]

It makes a big difference _which_ spaghetti you serve. Franco-American
is different as can be from the ordinary ready-cooked kind.

Its tangy, tempting sauce is rich with the luscious goodness of fine
ripe tomatoes and golden Cheddar cheese. It’s seasoned to savory
perfection with costly spices—a skillful blend of eleven different
ingredients. “Far better than I could ever make,” good home cooks tell
us.

Yet you can enjoy this “millionaire’s dish” for less than three cents a
portion! A can of Franco-American is usually no more than ten cents. You
can’t buy uncooked spaghetti, with all your other ingredients, and
prepare it yourself for so little.

Serve these savory spaghetti dishes twice a week or oftener. Keep a
supply of Franco-American on hand. Order several cans from your grocer
today. It’s a great time and money-saver in your kitchen.

    [Illustration: uncaptioned]




         FRANCO-AMERICAN SPAGHETTI WITH THE _Extra_ GOOD SAUCE

                 MADE BY THE MAKERS OF CAMPBELL’S SOUPS

  Each recipe in this booklet serves _four_, with the exception of
  Chicken Royal, marked by an asterisk.*




                       SALMON-SPAGHETTI CASSEROLE


  1 can Franco-American Spaghetti
  1½ cups flaked salmon
  1½ teaspoons minced onion
  4 strips bacon
  ½ teaspoon salt

Place a layer of Franco-American Spaghetti in a shallow, greased
casserole. Add some of the flaked salmon and the onion. Alternate layers
of spaghetti, fish and onion till all are used. Arrange bacon strips cut
in half over top. Bake in hot oven (425° F.) about 20 minutes, until
casserole is well heated and bacon crisp. Serve with green peas, salad
of shredded cabbage and seeded raisins with French dressing; plain spice
cake with whipped cream for dessert.

    [Illustration: MY HUSBAND HATED “ECONOMY DISHES” UNTIL I FOUND OUT
    ABOUT FRANCO-AMERICAN]




                            SAVORY TIMBALES


  1 can Franco-American Spaghetti
  1 cup ground left-over meat (beef, corned beef, ham)
  ½ teaspoon salt
  ¼ teaspoon paprika
  1 tablespoon parsley, chopped fine
  2 eggs, slightly beaten

Chop Franco-American Spaghetti and mix thoroughly with other
ingredients. Fill buttered custard cups three-fourths full. Place layer
of brown paper over bottom of shallow pan and fill with hot water. Put
in custard cups and bake in moderate oven (350° F.) for 30 minutes.
Serve on hot platter garnished with parsley. Delicious with buttered
turnips and a green salad; cherry upside-down cake for dessert.




                           HEARTY SOUP DINNER
                   _Makes a hit on frosty fall days_


  2 large onions
  2¾ cups water
  1 can Franco-American Spaghetti
  ¾ teaspoon salt
  2 cans Campbell’s Beef Soup
  Parmesan cheese

Slice onions and cook in boiling salted water for 10 minutes. Chop
Franco-American Spaghetti a little and add with soup to onions. Bring to
a boil and serve at once in soup plates with Parmesan cheese and
crackers. Try large fruit salads or cup-cakes with chocolate sauce for
dessert.




                        OYSTER CASSEROLE DE LUXE
                     _Grand for Friday or any day_


  2 tablespoons butter
  2 tablespoons flour
  ¾ teaspoon salt
  ⅛ teaspoon pepper
  1 tablespoon chopped parsley
  ½ cup milk (about)
  1½ dozen oysters
  1 can Franco-American Spaghetti
  Buttered bread crumbs

Melt butter in saucepan and blend with flour and salt till smooth. Pour
oyster liquor in cup and add milk to make ¾ cup. Add gradually to flour
mixture, stirring constantly till smooth and slightly thick. Add
parsley.

In a greased baking dish place a layer of spaghetti, dot with oysters
and cover with white sauce. Repeat till all ingredients are used, ending
with white sauce. Cover with buttered bread crumbs and bake in a
moderately hot oven (375° F.) for 20 minutes, till heated through and
browned on top. Serve with squash and spinach; fresh fruit tarts for
dessert.

    [Illustration: FRANCO-AMERICAN CERTAINLY HELPS WHEN YOU’RE ON A
    BUDGET]




                             CHICKEN ROYAL*
                           _Fit for a king!_


  2 cans Franco-American Spaghetti
  1 cup stuffed olives, sliced
  ¾ teaspoon salt
  ⅛ teaspoon pepper
  ½ teaspoon paprika
  2½ cups of chicken meat
  2 tablespoons butter
  Buttered bread crumbs

To spaghetti, add stuffed olives and seasonings. Arrange a layer of
mixture in bottom of greased baking dish. Spread all the chicken over
this and dot with butter. Cover with remaining spaghetti and sprinkle
with buttered crumbs. Bake in moderately hot oven (375° F.) for 30
minutes or till crumbs are browned. Garnish with slices of hard-boiled
egg, if desired, and sprinkle with paprika. Serve with cheese sticks and
a green salad. Serves 6. Grand for Sunday night supper.

    [Illustration: OH, DEAR, LATE AGAIN. THANK GOODNESS FOR
    FRANCO-AMERICAN]




                      SPAGHETTI WITH FRIZZLED BEEF
           _A tempting, jiffy dinner on your “afternoon out”_


  ¾ cup dried beef
  2 tablespoons butter
  1 can Franco-American Spaghetti

Pick dried beef into small pieces. If it is very salty, freshen 10
minutes in cold water and drain well. Melt butter in hot frying pan and
frizzle beef till slightly browned. Add Franco-American Spaghetti and
mix. Cook over low flame till heated through. Serve with buttered baby
beets and cole slaw, with boiled custard over sliced peaches for
dessert.




                          CRISPY MEAT PATTIES
               _An easy way to make tempting croquettes_


  ½ cup bread crumbs
  1 cup chopped, cooked vegetables (carrots, beets, peas)
  1 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce
  ¾ teaspoon salt
  1 cup ground left-over meat
  1 egg, slightly beaten with 1½ tablespoons cold water
  1 can Franco-American Spaghetti

Chop Franco-American Spaghetti fine and mix with vegetables,
Worcestershire, salt and ground meat. Shape into cakes, dip in bread
crumbs, then in beaten egg and again in crumbs. Chill 20 minutes in
refrigerator. Sauté in hot fat (375° F.) 1 inch deep in a heavy frying
pan until brown on each side. Drain on absorbent paper. Serve with
cucumber salad; strawberries or sliced pineapple for dessert.




                          THRIFTY MEAT SCALLOP
      _Delicious made with left-over ham, corned beef, pot-roast_


  2 cans Franco-American Spaghetti
  1½ cups left-over meat
  ¾ teaspoon salt
  ⅛ teaspoon pepper
  Buttered bread crumbs

Chop Franco-American Spaghetti a little. Grind meat and add seasonings.
Arrange in alternate layers in shallow, greased baking dish, finishing
with spaghetti. Cover with buttered crumbs. Bake in moderately hot oven
(375° F.), till scallop is heated through and crumbs are slightly
browned (20 minutes). Excellent with fried apple rings. Serve prune whip
for dessert.

    [Illustration: THIS FRANCO-AMERICAN SPAGHETTI CERTAINLY SAVES LOTS
    OF TIME AND TROUBLE]




                           LIVER EN CASSEROLE
                     _A tempting meal in one dish_


  ¾ lb. beef liver
  Seasoned flour
  4 tablespoons butter
  2 tablespoons flour
  1 cup boiling water
  ¾ teaspoon salt
  ⅛ teaspoon pepper
  1 can Franco-American Spaghetti
  1½ cups cooked string beans
  2 tablespoons chopped pimiento
  Buttered crumbs

Wipe off liver with a damp cloth and cut in small pieces. Dip in flour
seasoned with salt and pepper. Melt 3 tablespoons butter in hot frying
pan and panbroil liver 3 minutes, turning once. Remove from pan and mix
with Franco-American Spaghetti and string beans.

Add remaining butter to frying pan and blend with flour till smooth. Add
boiling water gradually, stirring till smooth and thickened. Add to
liver mixture and put in greased casserole. Cover with buttered crumbs
and bake in moderate oven (350° F.) about 30 minutes, till heated
through and browned on top. Serve pineapple upside-down cake for
dessert.

    [Illustration: GEE MOM, THIS SPAGHETTI CERTAINLY TASTES SWELL!]




                            VEGETABLE DINNER


It’s easy to make vegetable dinners so attractive that everyone enjoys
them. Simply select vegetables which contrast in flavor, color and
texture. From each of the following choose—

  1 green leafy vegetable (spinach or other greens, Brussels sprouts,
              cabbage)
  1 white vegetable (cauliflower, onions, white turnip, etc.)
  1 yellow vegetable (carrots, squash, corn), Franco-American Spaghetti
  1 red vegetable (beets, red cabbage)




                           TASTY OVEN DINNER
                         _Prepared in a jiffy_


  12 small onions
  ¼ cup grated American cheese
  8 sausages
  1 can Franco-American Spaghetti

Parboil onions and arrange around edge of shallow, greased baking dish
or large glass pie plate. Sprinkle with grated cheese. Meanwhile
panbroil sausages till slightly browned. Mix with Franco-American
Spaghetti and turn into center of baking dish. Bake in moderately hot
oven (375° F.) till spaghetti is heated through and cheese is melted.
Serve with clover rolls and large fruit salads.




                            STUFFED CABBAGE
                       _Make this an oven dinner_


  1 medium-sized cabbage
  1 can Franco-American Spaghetti
  3 tablespoons finely chopped green pepper
  1 cup left-over meat (corned beef, ham), cut in pieces
  1 teaspoon salt
  ⅛ teaspoon pepper

Cut away center leaves of cabbage, leaving thickness of 3 or 4 leaves
outside. Mix other ingredients, fill cabbage shell and fasten together
with toothpicks. Set on rack in covered roaster. Pour ½ inch boiling
water in bottom of pan, cover and bake in moderately hot oven (375° F.)
30 minutes. Brush with melted butter and serve on hot platter surrounded
by baby carrots which have been cooked in roaster around cabbage. For
dessert, serve spice cake with hot nutmeg or lemon sauce.

    [Illustration: IMAGINE! SUCH DELICIOUS SPAGHETTI FOR 3¢ A PORTION!]




                              BEEF GOULASH
                       _This calls for “seconds”_


  1 lb. round steak
  2 tablespoons butter
  ⅛ teaspoon pepper
  ½ teaspoon salt
  ¾ teaspoon paprika
  1 green pepper, chopped
  1 can Franco-American Spaghetti, chopped
  3 tablespoons flour
  1 can Campbell’s Consommé expanded with 1 cup water
  2 medium onions, sliced

Cut steak into 1-inch dice. Melt butter in pan over hot fire and brown
beef. Sprinkle with seasonings and add onion, cooking till yellow. Stir
in flour till smooth and add expanded Consommé and green pepper. Cover
and simmer about 45 minutes, till meat is three-quarters done. Add
Franco-American Spaghetti and cook 10 minutes longer. For dessert serve
Macaroon Trifle. (To make, line bottom of sherbet glasses with bananas
which have been dipped in lemon juice. Sprinkle with macaroon crumbs and
fill remaining part with boiled custard or any prepared vanilla
pudding.)

    [Illustration: I NEVER COULD MAKE AS GOOD A SAUCE MYSELF AT HOME]




                    BEEF & MUSHROOMS with SPAGHETTI


  ¾ lb. chopped beef
  ¾ teaspoon salt
  ⅛ teaspoon pepper
  2 tablespoons butter
  1 can Campbell’s Cream of Mushroom Soup
  1 can Franco-American Spaghetti

Add seasonings to meat. Melt butter in hot frying pan and brown meat.
Add mushroom soup, without the addition of water, and Franco-American
Spaghetti, mixing well. Cover and cook over low flame till heated
through. Serve with Brussels sprouts; apricot whip for dessert.




                    POACHED EGGS IN SPAGHETTI NESTS
           _Children love this delicious, healthful luncheon_


  1 green pepper, diced and parboiled
  4 eggs
  2 cans Franco-American Spaghetti
  Salt and pepper

Mix green pepper with spaghetti and heat in saucepan. Poach the eggs. On
each hot luncheon plate make a nest with a quarter of the spaghetti.
Place egg in center, sprinkle with salt and pepper and garnish with
parsley. A tempting dish for Sunday night supper, too, and easy as can
be to prepare. Serve with mixed fresh vegetable salad; fresh berries or
preserved fruit and cookies for dessert.




                             RUSSIAN STEAK
                           _Tender and tasty_


  ¾ lb. chopped beef
  1 can Franco-American can Spaghetti
  2 teaspoons salt
  ¼ lb. mushrooms, cut fine
  1 egg, slightly beaten
  2 cups shredded carrots
  2 cups boiling water
  2 teaspoons Worcestershire sauce

Chop Franco-American Spaghetti fine, mix with chopped beef, ½ teaspoon
salt, slightly beaten egg and shape into 12 small cakes. Dust with flour
on each side. Cut mushrooms fine and brown in hot fat in a heavy frying
pan. Brown meat cakes. Add boiling water, 1½ teaspoons salt and shredded
carrots. Cover and simmer 20 minutes. Add Worcestershire sauce and
simmer 10 minutes more. Serve with vegetables over meat cakes and a
green salad. Preserved figs and cookies for dessert.

    [Illustration: GEE, MOM, YOU SURE ARE A SWELL COOK]




              SPAGHETTI RING with VEGETABLES and COLD CUTS
                     _A tempting “company” dinner_


  2 cans Franco-American Spaghetti
  1 pimiento, chopped
  2 tablespoons green pepper, chopped
  ¾ teaspoon salt
  3 eggs, slightly beaten

Mix all ingredients well and turn into greased ring mold. Put brown
paper into shallow pan, add hot water and place ring mold in it. Bake 50
minutes in moderate oven (375° F.), or until firm. Unmold on serving
dish or chop plate and fill center with buttered vegetables (as string
beans, diced beets or chopped spinach). If desired, surround ring with
overlapping slices of cold meat (ham, liverwurst, beef or lamb).
Strawberry or pineapple sundae for dessert.

    [Illustration: CAN WE HAVE THAT SWELL FRANCO-AMERICAN SPAGHETTI FOR
    LUNCH?]




                         SAVORY LUNCH CASSEROLE
                _A favorite with children or grown-ups_


  3 slices bacon, chopped
  2 cans Franco-American Spaghetti
  ½ teaspoon salt
  1½ cups cooked lima beans
  ¼ cup grated American cheese
  ¼ cup buttered bread crumbs

Cook bacon till crisp and add to spaghetti. Add salt to lima beans.
Alternate layers of spaghetti and lima beans till all are used. Mix
grated cheese with buttered bread crumbs and sprinkle over top. Bake in
moderately hot oven (375° F.) for 30 minutes, till cheese is melted.
Serve with a green salad; fresh fruit cup and cookies for dessert.




                          SPAGHETTI MEAT LOAF
                          _A thrifty favorite_


  1½ lbs. chopped beef
  2 tablespoons melted fat
  1¾ teaspoons salt
  ⅛ teaspoon pepper
  ½ teaspoon sage
  1 onion, minced
  1 egg, slightly beaten
  1 can Franco-American Spaghetti, chopped fine

Mix meat and fat with seasonings. Add chopped spaghetti and slightly
beaten egg, mixing well. Shape into a loaf and bake in greased baking
pan in moderate oven (350° F.) for 50 minutes. If desired, thicken
juices in pan with flour and add hot water to make a gravy. Delicious
with spinach and creamed carrots. For dessert, bake a plain cake at same
time as meat loaf and serve with hot fruit or butterscotch sauce.




                             BACON SCALLOP
                  _An easy way to make a tasty dinner_


  8 slices Canadian bacon
  1 can Franco-American Spaghetti
  1 can Campbell’s Pepper Pot Soup
  ¼ cup hot water
  Buttered bread crumbs

Panbroil Canadian bacon slightly. Mix hot water with soup and add to
spaghetti. In shallow, greased baking dish put alternate layers of
spaghetti mixture and bacon. Cover with buttered crumbs and bake in
moderately hot oven (375° F.) about 30 minutes, till heated through and
browned on top. Delicious served with buttered green cabbage, pickled
beets and banana-gingerbread shortcake for dessert.

    [Illustration: I’VE FOUND THE WAY TO KEEP FOOD BILLS DOWN—YET SERVE
    MEALS WE ENJOY]




                           CASSEROLE OF VEAL
                    _A tempting dish for cool days_


  1 slice salt pork
  2 lbs. breast of veal
  1 teaspoon salt
  1 can Franco-American Spaghetti sauce
  6 small cooked carrots
  1 cup cooked green peas or string beans
  1 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce
  Buttered bread crumbs

    [Illustration: SURE, BOB, BRING HIM HOME. WE’LL HAVE
    FRANCO-AMERICAN]

Dice the salt pork and melt out the fat. Cut up veal and sear in hot
fat. Add salt and hot water to cover. Simmer, closely covered, for one
hour. Chop spaghetti and mix with vegetables and veal. Put in greased
casserole. Thicken 1 cup of the meat stock with 2 tablespoons of flour;
add Worcestershire sauce. Pour over other ingredients. Cover with
buttered bread crumbs and bake in moderate oven (350° F.) for half an
hour, till dish is heated through and crumbs are browned.




                          TEMPTING FRIDAY LOAF
                     _A grand emergency dish, too_


  1 can Franco-American Spaghetti
  2 cups red salmon, flaked
  2 eggs, slightly beaten
  1 tablespoon parsley, chopped
  ¾ teaspoon salt
  ⅛ teaspoon pepper
  2 tablespoons melted butter

Chop spaghetti and mix well with other ingredients. Pack in greased loaf
pan and bake in moderately hot oven (375° F.) for 30 minutes. Serve with
beet greens and buttered parsnips. Cup cakes may be baked at same time
as loaf and served with hot nutmeg or fruit sauce.




                           SPANISH SPAGHETTI
                     _Tastes as good as it looks!_


  3 tablespoons fat
  1 medium-sized onion, minced
  ¾ lb. hamburger
  1 cup celery, cut fine
  2 tablespoons pimiento, chopped
  1 green pepper, chopped
  1¼ teaspoons salt
  1 teaspoon paprika
  1⅓ cups hot water
  1 can Franco-American Spaghetti

Cook onion in fat till yellow. Add hamburger and brown. Mix with green
pepper, pimiento, seasonings, celery and water. Cook 15 minutes. Add
Franco-American Spaghetti and cook 10 minutes more. Serve with sliced
buttered carrots; baked red cinnamon apples for dessert.




                         FRANCO-AMERICAN OMELET
                          _New and different_


  3 eggs
  ¾ teaspoon salt
  ⅛ teaspoon pepper
  1 tablespoon chopped parsley
  1 can Franco-American Spaghetti, chopped
  1 tablespoon butter

Separate yolks and whites. Add seasonings to yolks, beating till thick
and lemon colored. Chop Franco-American Spaghetti and mix with egg
yolks. Beat whites till stiff, but not dry, and fold into first mixture
till well blended. Heat omelet pan and butter bottom and sides. Spread
omelet evenly, cooking over low heat till delicately browned and puffy.
Set in oven a few minutes to dry off top. Fold and turn on hot platter.
Serve with salad greens, and fruit gelatine with whipped cream for
dessert.

    [Illustration: SAY, THIS IS WHAT I CALL A MILLIONAIRE’S DISH!]




                             FRENCH MOUSSE


  ½ cup scalded milk
  ¾ cup soft bread crumbs
  ¼ cup melted butter
  1½ tablespoons minced onion
  ¾ cup grated cheese
  1½ tablespoons chopped parsley
  1 teaspoon salt
  ½ teaspoon paprika
  3 eggs, well beaten
  2 cans Franco-American Spaghetti

Pour scalded milk over bread crumbs. Add butter, onion, parsley, grated
cheese and seasonings. Add well-beaten eggs. Put spaghetti in
well-buttered glass loaf dish or baking dish and pour cheese mixture
over it. Bake in moderate oven (350° F.) till firm (about 50 minutes).
Serve with mushroom sauce (below). Delicious with green peas.

    [Illustration: MY WIFE’S A SWELL MANAGER. HER SPAGHETTI MEALS HIT
    THE SPOT]




                     TUNA CAKES with Mushroom Sauce


  1 can Franco-American Spaghetti
  1 egg, beaten
  1½ cups flaked tuna fish
  ¾ teaspoon salt
  ⅛ teaspoon pepper
  ½ cup water
  ½ cup bread crumbs
  1 tablespoon butter
  1 egg, slightly beaten with 1½ tablespoons cold water
  1 can Campbell’s Cream of Mushroom Soup
  2 tablespoons chopped pimiento

Chop spaghetti fine. Mix with beaten egg, flaked tuna fish, salt and
pepper. Shape into cakes and dip in crumbs, then in egg and again in
crumbs. Chill in refrigerator 20 minutes. Fry in hot fat (375° F.) 1
inch deep in heavy frying pan. Drain on absorbent paper. For sauce add
water to Campbell’s Cream of Mushroom Soup and heat with butter and
pimientos. Serve hot with tuna cakes.




                          CASSEROLE OF TONGUE
                           _Unusually tasty_


  1 teaspoon prepared mustard
  1 teaspoon onion juice
  ¾ teaspoon salt
  1 tablespoon chopped parsley
  1 cup ground tongue
  1 can Franco-American Spaghetti
  ¼ cup water
  Buttered bread crumbs

Mix seasonings with ground tongue. Then mix with spaghetti and water.
Arrange in greased baking dish and cover with buttered crumbs. Bake 25
minutes in moderately hot oven (375° F.) till heated through and brown
on top. Delicious with spinach and buttered carrots. Serve pineapple
gelatine with whipped cream for dessert.




                           STUFFED PORK CHOPS
                        _with savory spaghetti_


  4 pork chops, cut 1¾ in. thick
  1 can Franco-American Spaghetti, chopped
  3 tablespoons diced green pepper
  1 teaspoon onion juice
  1 tablespoon melted butter

Split lean meat in half, cutting to bone. Mix remaining ingredients
thoroughly and stuff chops. Draw edges together with one or two
toothpicks and dip in flour well seasoned with salt and pepper. Arrange
in greased baking pan, with remaining spaghetti mixture around chops,
and bake in a hot oven (400° F.) 40 minutes, turning once. Serve with
broccoli and Harvard beets; lemon meringue pie for dessert.

    [Illustration: YES INDEED, MADAM I CAN CERTAINLY RECOMMEND
    FRANCO-AMERICAN]




                            JIFFY CHOP PLATE
                       _As zestful as it looks!_


  1¼ lbs. sausage cakes or 1 to 1¼ lbs. chopped beef
  1 teaspoon salt
  ⅛ teaspoon pepper
  2 teaspoons minced onion
  2 cans Franco-American Spaghetti
  Brussels sprouts, peas or asparagus tips

Fry sausage cakes. Or if beef cakes are preferred, mix chopped beef and
seasonings, shape into 8 cakes and panbroil. Meanwhile heat
Franco-American Spaghetti and cook whichever vegetable is desired. Heap
spaghetti in center of a chop plate or large platter. Around it
alternate meat cakes and small mounds of vegetables. Garnish with
parsley. Serve with a green salad; lemon tarts and coffee for dessert.

    [Illustration: NO WONDER THE SAUCE IS SO GOOD. ELEVEN COSTLY
    INGREDIENTS!]




                         FRANCO STEAK CASSEROLE
                _A savory dinner for four hungry people_


  ¼ cup flour
  2 teaspoons salt
  1½ teaspoons paprika
  ½ teaspoon pepper
  1 lb. round steak, cut in serving pieces
  ⅓ cup fat
  2 medium-sized onions, sliced
  2 cans Franco-American Spaghetti
  1 cup cooked tomatoes, strained
  1 cup hot water

Mix flour with seasonings and roll steak in it. Brown onions a little in
hot fat and add to tomatoes. Sear meat quickly and put in large greased
casserole. Place spaghetti, tomatoes and onions on meat.

Blend remaining seasoned flour with fat in pan until smooth. Add hot
water gradually, stirring till smooth. Strain over casserole mixture and
cook in moderate oven (350° F.) for 1½ hours, or till meat is tender.




            A delicious hot meal packed full of nourishment


    [Illustration: uncaptioned]

You know how hard it is to find a food that your children will like, and
which is really good for them.

Franco-American Spaghetti is just that. It is packed with
nourishment—rich in proteins to build bone and muscle, and in
carbohydrates for quick energy.

Hundreds of letters from mothers tell us that their children are quick
to see the difference between Franco-American and every other
ready-cooked spaghetti. Once your family has enjoyed the tasty
deliciousness of Franco-American Spaghetti—with the extra-good
sauce—they won’t be satisfied with anything else.

    [Illustration: uncaptioned]

                            Franco-American
                               SPAGHETTI
                             À LA MILANAISE
                       (TOMATO SAUCE WITH CHEESE)

               THE FRANCO-AMERICAN FOOD COMPANY DIVISION
                         CAMPBELL SOUP COMPANY
                  GENERAL OFFICES, CAMDEN, N.J. U S A


                            BE SURE YOU GET
                            Franco-American—
                           THE KIND WITH THE
                           _extra good sauce_




                          TRANSCRIBER’S NOTES


—Silently corrected a few typos.

—Retained publication information from the printed edition: this eBook
  is public-domain in the country of publication.

—In the text versions only, text in italics is delimited by
  _underscores_.



*** END OF THE PROJECT GUTENBERG EBOOK 30 TEMPTING SPAGHETTI
MEALS ***

Updated editions will replace the previous one--the old editions will
be renamed.

Creating the works from print editions not protected by U.S. copyright
law means that no one owns a United States copyright in these works,
so the Foundation (and you!) can copy and distribute it in the
United States without permission and without paying copyright
royalties. Special rules, set forth in the General Terms of Use part
of this license, apply to copying and distributing Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic works to protect the PROJECT GUTENBERG-tm
concept and trademark. Project Gutenberg is a registered trademark,
and may not be used if you charge for an eBook, except by following
the terms of the trademark license, including paying royalties for use
of the Project Gutenberg trademark. If you do not charge anything for
copies of this eBook, complying with the trademark license is very
easy. You may use this eBook for nearly any purpose such as creation
of derivative works, reports, performances and research. Project
Gutenberg eBooks may be modified and printed and given away--you may
do practically ANYTHING in the United States with eBooks not protected
by U.S. copyright law. Redistribution is subject to the trademark
license, especially commercial redistribution.

START: FULL LICENSE

THE FULL PROJECT GUTENBERG LICENSE
PLEASE READ THIS BEFORE YOU DISTRIBUTE OR USE THIS WORK

To protect the Project Gutenberg-tm mission of promoting the free
distribution of electronic works, by using or distributing this work
(or any other work associated in any way with the phrase "Project
Gutenberg"), you agree to comply with all the terms of the Full
Project Gutenberg-tm License available with this file or online at
www.gutenberg.org/license.

Section 1. General Terms of Use and Redistributing Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic works

1.A. By reading or using any part of this Project Gutenberg-tm
electronic work, you indicate that you have read, understand, agree to
and accept all the terms of this license and intellectual property
(trademark/copyright) agreement. If you do not agree to abide by all
the terms of this agreement, you must cease using and return or
destroy all copies of Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works in your
possession. If you paid a fee for obtaining a copy of or access to a
Project Gutenberg-tm electronic work and you do not agree to be bound
by the terms of this agreement, you may obtain a refund from the
person or entity to whom you paid the fee as set forth in paragraph
1.E.8.

1.B. "Project Gutenberg" is a registered trademark. It may only be
used on or associated in any way with an electronic work by people who
agree to be bound by the terms of this agreement. There are a few
things that you can do with most Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works
even without complying with the full terms of this agreement. See
paragraph 1.C below. There are a lot of things you can do with Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic works if you follow the terms of this
agreement and help preserve free future access to Project Gutenberg-tm
electronic works. See paragraph 1.E below.

1.C. The Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation ("the
Foundation" or PGLAF), owns a compilation copyright in the collection
of Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works. Nearly all the individual
works in the collection are in the public domain in the United
States. If an individual work is unprotected by copyright law in the
United States and you are located in the United States, we do not
claim a right to prevent you from copying, distributing, performing,
displaying or creating derivative works based on the work as long as
all references to Project Gutenberg are removed. Of course, we hope
that you will support the Project Gutenberg-tm mission of promoting
free access to electronic works by freely sharing Project Gutenberg-tm
works in compliance with the terms of this agreement for keeping the
Project Gutenberg-tm name associated with the work. You can easily
comply with the terms of this agreement by keeping this work in the
same format with its attached full Project Gutenberg-tm License when
you share it without charge with others.

1.D. The copyright laws of the place where you are located also govern
what you can do with this work. Copyright laws in most countries are
in a constant state of change. If you are outside the United States,
check the laws of your country in addition to the terms of this
agreement before downloading, copying, displaying, performing,
distributing or creating derivative works based on this work or any
other Project Gutenberg-tm work. The Foundation makes no
representations concerning the copyright status of any work in any
country other than the United States.

1.E. Unless you have removed all references to Project Gutenberg:

1.E.1. The following sentence, with active links to, or other
immediate access to, the full Project Gutenberg-tm License must appear
prominently whenever any copy of a Project Gutenberg-tm work (any work
on which the phrase "Project Gutenberg" appears, or with which the
phrase "Project Gutenberg" is associated) is accessed, displayed,
performed, viewed, copied or distributed:

  This eBook is for the use of anyone anywhere in the United States and
  most other parts of the world at no cost and with almost no
  restrictions whatsoever. You may copy it, give it away or re-use it
  under the terms of the Project Gutenberg License included with this
  eBook or online at www.gutenberg.org. If you are not located in the
  United States, you will have to check the laws of the country where
  you are located before using this eBook.

1.E.2. If an individual Project Gutenberg-tm electronic work is
derived from texts not protected by U.S. copyright law (does not
contain a notice indicating that it is posted with permission of the
copyright holder), the work can be copied and distributed to anyone in
the United States without paying any fees or charges. If you are
redistributing or providing access to a work with the phrase "Project
Gutenberg" associated with or appearing on the work, you must comply
either with the requirements of paragraphs 1.E.1 through 1.E.7 or
obtain permission for the use of the work and the Project Gutenberg-tm
trademark as set forth in paragraphs 1.E.8 or 1.E.9.

1.E.3. If an individual Project Gutenberg-tm electronic work is posted
with the permission of the copyright holder, your use and distribution
must comply with both paragraphs 1.E.1 through 1.E.7 and any
additional terms imposed by the copyright holder. Additional terms
will be linked to the Project Gutenberg-tm License for all works
posted with the permission of the copyright holder found at the
beginning of this work.

1.E.4. Do not unlink or detach or remove the full Project Gutenberg-tm
License terms from this work, or any files containing a part of this
work or any other work associated with Project Gutenberg-tm.

1.E.5. Do not copy, display, perform, distribute or redistribute this
electronic work, or any part of this electronic work, without
prominently displaying the sentence set forth in paragraph 1.E.1 with
active links or immediate access to the full terms of the Project
Gutenberg-tm License.

1.E.6. You may convert to and distribute this work in any binary,
compressed, marked up, nonproprietary or proprietary form, including
any word processing or hypertext form. However, if you provide access
to or distribute copies of a Project Gutenberg-tm work in a format
other than "Plain Vanilla ASCII" or other format used in the official
version posted on the official Project Gutenberg-tm website
(www.gutenberg.org), you must, at no additional cost, fee or expense
to the user, provide a copy, a means of exporting a copy, or a means
of obtaining a copy upon request, of the work in its original "Plain
Vanilla ASCII" or other form. Any alternate format must include the
full Project Gutenberg-tm License as specified in paragraph 1.E.1.

1.E.7. Do not charge a fee for access to, viewing, displaying,
performing, copying or distributing any Project Gutenberg-tm works
unless you comply with paragraph 1.E.8 or 1.E.9.

1.E.8. You may charge a reasonable fee for copies of or providing
access to or distributing Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works
provided that:

* You pay a royalty fee of 20% of the gross profits you derive from
  the use of Project Gutenberg-tm works calculated using the method
  you already use to calculate your applicable taxes. The fee is owed
  to the owner of the Project Gutenberg-tm trademark, but he has
  agreed to donate royalties under this paragraph to the Project
  Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation. Royalty payments must be paid
  within 60 days following each date on which you prepare (or are
  legally required to prepare) your periodic tax returns. Royalty
  payments should be clearly marked as such and sent to the Project
  Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation at the address specified in
  Section 4, "Information about donations to the Project Gutenberg
  Literary Archive Foundation."

* You provide a full refund of any money paid by a user who notifies
  you in writing (or by e-mail) within 30 days of receipt that s/he
  does not agree to the terms of the full Project Gutenberg-tm
  License. You must require such a user to return or destroy all
  copies of the works possessed in a physical medium and discontinue
  all use of and all access to other copies of Project Gutenberg-tm
  works.

* You provide, in accordance with paragraph 1.F.3, a full refund of
  any money paid for a work or a replacement copy, if a defect in the
  electronic work is discovered and reported to you within 90 days of
  receipt of the work.

* You comply with all other terms of this agreement for free
  distribution of Project Gutenberg-tm works.

1.E.9. If you wish to charge a fee or distribute a Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic work or group of works on different terms than
are set forth in this agreement, you must obtain permission in writing
from the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation, the manager of
the Project Gutenberg-tm trademark. Contact the Foundation as set
forth in Section 3 below.

1.F.

1.F.1. Project Gutenberg volunteers and employees expend considerable
effort to identify, do copyright research on, transcribe and proofread
works not protected by U.S. copyright law in creating the Project
Gutenberg-tm collection. Despite these efforts, Project Gutenberg-tm
electronic works, and the medium on which they may be stored, may
contain "Defects," such as, but not limited to, incomplete, inaccurate
or corrupt data, transcription errors, a copyright or other
intellectual property infringement, a defective or damaged disk or
other medium, a computer virus, or computer codes that damage or
cannot be read by your equipment.

1.F.2. LIMITED WARRANTY, DISCLAIMER OF DAMAGES - Except for the "Right
of Replacement or Refund" described in paragraph 1.F.3, the Project
Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation, the owner of the Project
Gutenberg-tm trademark, and any other party distributing a Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic work under this agreement, disclaim all
liability to you for damages, costs and expenses, including legal
fees. YOU AGREE THAT YOU HAVE NO REMEDIES FOR NEGLIGENCE, STRICT
LIABILITY, BREACH OF WARRANTY OR BREACH OF CONTRACT EXCEPT THOSE
PROVIDED IN PARAGRAPH 1.F.3. YOU AGREE THAT THE FOUNDATION, THE
TRADEMARK OWNER, AND ANY DISTRIBUTOR UNDER THIS AGREEMENT WILL NOT BE
LIABLE TO YOU FOR ACTUAL, DIRECT, INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, PUNITIVE OR
INCIDENTAL DAMAGES EVEN IF YOU GIVE NOTICE OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH
DAMAGE.

1.F.3. LIMITED RIGHT OF REPLACEMENT OR REFUND - If you discover a
defect in this electronic work within 90 days of receiving it, you can
receive a refund of the money (if any) you paid for it by sending a
written explanation to the person you received the work from. If you
received the work on a physical medium, you must return the medium
with your written explanation. The person or entity that provided you
with the defective work may elect to provide a replacement copy in
lieu of a refund. If you received the work electronically, the person
or entity providing it to you may choose to give you a second
opportunity to receive the work electronically in lieu of a refund. If
the second copy is also defective, you may demand a refund in writing
without further opportunities to fix the problem.

1.F.4. Except for the limited right of replacement or refund set forth
in paragraph 1.F.3, this work is provided to you 'AS-IS', WITH NO
OTHER WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT
LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR ANY PURPOSE.

1.F.5. Some states do not allow disclaimers of certain implied
warranties or the exclusion or limitation of certain types of
damages. If any disclaimer or limitation set forth in this agreement
violates the law of the state applicable to this agreement, the
agreement shall be interpreted to make the maximum disclaimer or
limitation permitted by the applicable state law. The invalidity or
unenforceability of any provision of this agreement shall not void the
remaining provisions.

1.F.6. INDEMNITY - You agree to indemnify and hold the Foundation, the
trademark owner, any agent or employee of the Foundation, anyone
providing copies of Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works in
accordance with this agreement, and any volunteers associated with the
production, promotion and distribution of Project Gutenberg-tm
electronic works, harmless from all liability, costs and expenses,
including legal fees, that arise directly or indirectly from any of
the following which you do or cause to occur: (a) distribution of this
or any Project Gutenberg-tm work, (b) alteration, modification, or
additions or deletions to any Project Gutenberg-tm work, and (c) any
Defect you cause.

Section 2. Information about the Mission of Project Gutenberg-tm

Project Gutenberg-tm is synonymous with the free distribution of
electronic works in formats readable by the widest variety of
computers including obsolete, old, middle-aged and new computers. It
exists because of the efforts of hundreds of volunteers and donations
from people in all walks of life.

Volunteers and financial support to provide volunteers with the
assistance they need are critical to reaching Project Gutenberg-tm's
goals and ensuring that the Project Gutenberg-tm collection will
remain freely available for generations to come. In 2001, the Project
Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation was created to provide a secure
and permanent future for Project Gutenberg-tm and future
generations. To learn more about the Project Gutenberg Literary
Archive Foundation and how your efforts and donations can help, see
Sections 3 and 4 and the Foundation information page at
www.gutenberg.org

Section 3. Information about the Project Gutenberg Literary
Archive Foundation

The Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation is a non-profit
501(c)(3) educational corporation organized under the laws of the
state of Mississippi and granted tax exempt status by the Internal
Revenue Service. The Foundation's EIN or federal tax identification
number is 64-6221541. Contributions to the Project Gutenberg Literary
Archive Foundation are tax deductible to the full extent permitted by
U.S. federal laws and your state's laws.

The Foundation's business office is located at 809 North 1500 West,
Salt Lake City, UT 84116, (801) 596-1887. Email contact links and up
to date contact information can be found at the Foundation's website
and official page at www.gutenberg.org/contact

Section 4. Information about Donations to the Project Gutenberg
Literary Archive Foundation

Project Gutenberg-tm depends upon and cannot survive without
widespread public support and donations to carry out its mission of
increasing the number of public domain and licensed works that can be
freely distributed in machine-readable form accessible by the widest
array of equipment including outdated equipment. Many small donations
($1 to $5,000) are particularly important to maintaining tax exempt
status with the IRS.

The Foundation is committed to complying with the laws regulating
charities and charitable donations in all 50 states of the United
States. Compliance requirements are not uniform and it takes a
considerable effort, much paperwork and many fees to meet and keep up
with these requirements. We do not solicit donations in locations
where we have not received written confirmation of compliance. To SEND
DONATIONS or determine the status of compliance for any particular
state visit www.gutenberg.org/donate

While we cannot and do not solicit contributions from states where we
have not met the solicitation requirements, we know of no prohibition
against accepting unsolicited donations from donors in such states who
approach us with offers to donate.

International donations are gratefully accepted, but we cannot make
any statements concerning tax treatment of donations received from
outside the United States. U.S. laws alone swamp our small staff.

Please check the Project Gutenberg web pages for current donation
methods and addresses. Donations are accepted in a number of other
ways including checks, online payments and credit card donations. To
donate, please visit: www.gutenberg.org/donate

Section 5. General Information About Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works

Professor Michael S. Hart was the originator of the Project
Gutenberg-tm concept of a library of electronic works that could be
freely shared with anyone. For forty years, he produced and
distributed Project Gutenberg-tm eBooks with only a loose network of
volunteer support.

Project Gutenberg-tm eBooks are often created from several printed
editions, all of which are confirmed as not protected by copyright in
the U.S. unless a copyright notice is included. Thus, we do not
necessarily keep eBooks in compliance with any particular paper
edition.

Most people start at our website which has the main PG search
facility: www.gutenberg.org

This website includes information about Project Gutenberg-tm,
including how to make donations to the Project Gutenberg Literary
Archive Foundation, how to help produce our new eBooks, and how to
subscribe to our email newsletter to hear about new eBooks.